##What is JavaScript?
JavaScript is a programming language used by developers to create interactive websites. From refreshing social media feeds to displaying animated images and interactive maps, JavaScript functions can enhance the user experience of a website. As a client-side scripting language, JavaScript is one of the core technologies of the World Wide Web. For example, when you browse the internet, whenever you see a rotating image ad, a click-to-pop drop-down menu, or an element's color dynamically changing on a web page, you are seeing JavaScript in action.
##What is JavaScript used for?
In the past, websites were static, similar to the pages in a book. A static page mainly displayed information in a fixed layout and did not do all the things we expect from a modern website. JavaScript has come to be known as a browser-side technology to make web applications more flexible. Using JavaScript, browsers can respond to user interactions and change the layout of content on a web page.
As the language matured, JavaScript developers created libraries, frameworks, and programming methods and began using the language outside of the web browser. Today, you can use JavaScript to do both client-side and server-side development. Here are some common use cases:
you can add more information
In the past, websites were static, similar to the pages in a book. A static page mainly displayed information in a fixed layout and did not do all the things we expect from a modern website. JavaScript has come to be known as a browser-side technology to make web applications more flexible. Using JavaScript, browsers can respond to user interactions and change the layout of content on a web page.